---
title: Issues and Issues and Issues
---
### E.A.K. Dev Diary 3

Week one of frantically trying to finish things off before release has gone OK. We didn't get as much done as I hoped, but more than I feared. I'm not sure if that makes sense. Oh well.

We started using GitHub issues for project management. As a team of three disorganized creative types, we've previously had a pretty poor approach to managing our time. There's a graveyard of abandoned Trello boards documenting our previous attempts at staying organized. We've never been able to stick to anything for more than a couple of days though. <!--more-->

Things actually seem to be working out with GitHub, though. The looming end-of-the-month deadline might be helping. I think the flexibility of GitHub's system is a big contributor too though. We're using they're "labels" feature to help us prioritize stuff, and the little progress bar on the "beta release" milestone has slowly started climbing up.

{% include figure.html src="/images/2015/labels.png" caption="LABELS! So many labels..." %}

Something I've learned in the last week is to make issues as small as possible - single tasks, that one person can accomplish in less than a day. These little tasks are so much more easy to deal with, whereas mega-issues are daunting, and easy to put-off.

We want to start doing 1o-minute morning stand-up meetings, just to get up to date on what we've been working on. This is another thing we've said we'd do before, but never stuck to. We'll see how it goes this time.

Other than starting on GitHub Issues, this week we've:

- Fixed a couple of long-standing bugs.
- Finished the core game-play and tutorials for the URLs minigame.
- Finished the NPC dialogue for Tarquin Glitterquiff on his cruise ship.
- A bunch of other crap. Woo, crap!

-----------------------------

On an unrelated note, I'm not sure about this whole 'blogging' thang. My main reason for doing it is to try and get better at writing stuff, but it's been quite nice to reflect on the goings on of the past week too. Writing this week's post was much harder than the previous two though. I struggled to think of anything interesting to write about, and think this is my dullest post to date. I guess it's better than nothing though. Probably?
